Hey, people, here I come.
bring another tutorial to you
This time I came to bring the most
recent version of flex that version 3.5 point 9
and I will teach you how to leave
download it and leave it set to
record your games so beauty i'm going
leave this link here
In the description you will click on enter
will only stay here in this green balloon
download is only 22 meters and a half okay
very light
so you go on your desktop
will see this file that flaps 3.5.1
there you will right click
will click extract here or the way
If you want to be there, I do not know what it's like.
What are you going to do but debut for?
the desktop will exit this folder that
oh distracted you will open at helm
quick does not need to read if you
I do not know, but in the morning
Are you there? You come here in the application.
flaps two clicks it will appear this
Image
you will simply click or
I accept the next install is ready
no time to install it yourself quickly
even you click on close your beauty
Freight already installed here is the
to promote this folder here and ready your
freight is here to do the following
now I no longer need these folders
details here I'm going to put now shit
is now it will appear this screen that
For me, it's beauty that we have here.
in this first part who the general here
have initial is minimized phelps
that is, it will be minimized when you
open phelps will not appear this screen
right here and this option is court case is
this screen that is in case you want is
start windows and the flaps has already opened
you leave this option checked
and that enzyme that I forgot to speak
that I jumped is the freight screen stands
on top of everything you can open any
folder here that phelps will stay in
up so can not to track
do not want you can open the flow will not
stay on top
If I do, I understand this option.
You do not even need to talk on the internet.
use
beauty is this is what matters that the
Only thing that matters is is this
business here that you will choose
Where is he going to stay ?
I like to always leave this corner
here below right
This you do not mark for the love of
God he will stop recording when
reaches 60 seconds does not mark for love
This is not what this is about god either.
say and move I advise you to leave it
set up your computer
your computer will not be flex at 50 fps
Do you have a computer up with 4
gb of ram and I do not know a core 2 duo you already
can leave 50 fps
But in case the second one sucks, fuck it.
above that you leave at 60fps or
Do you think you're getting a little?
slow you down here 30fps or case
you want to configure otherwise
more or less you digit option marks
both the species you want can
put up to 88 thousand if you want but I
I always leave it at 50 fps beauty here
You leave officers who will record on HD
here the sound here is what he
will record the sound of the game, I will not
always stereo even if you mark this
option and will start recording to your
microphone plus the sound of the game and that's it
that I make or leave these two marked
and decrease the sound of the game there in the own
play to my microphone do not stay one
slightly below the very high game sound
huh
and this option here what is the f91 the option
It's the key you're going to use to get started.
the recording if you click here say good
and will vanish if you click on lei vai
appear on the key you want a
figure I even leave an asterisk
that is here on the side there in the number
I do not always leave the one to record beauty.
So it's ok, this is it, if you
liked this tutorial click did not like and
also sign up for the channel for
follow more beauty tutorials too
had skype in the description if you
want is to give an add me to know there
That to talk is like that, it's okay.
and also has my gaming channel that
will also have the description for you
knowing we will be coming back from
next week with the game channel is
This is it , folks, I can not take too long.
and it was more a tutorial just something
Add me skype I went